it is much more interesting than bm it is
Now slowly as a fan and then
hopes that just a good season
even if it is up to the start of the game
bundesliga season for a while
is the anticipation of the new round is
with the Eintracht fans thoroughly
available
especially in view of the
trailer is in preparation
Of course the new coach Thomas Schaaf
I think it's very good so that was the one
which I wanted first
very good was a good decision
why i think the man has experience
He will bring us 120 games
through his relationships and such and such
speculating whether you're good at running even mine
choice because of the way of frank
Game philosophy suits here and
I just think that's a win
can for the concord so I think so
somehow has already shown that he
can work well for a longer period
and yes I think that works
just the harmony and is here
is synonymous with a coach
long time to work and sincere
been taken for me well and yes
they got a lot of credit now
no matter where you moved, whether it is now
here is directly in the club or if that
People are also happy on the street
yourself and give a humble to the
Departures of Eintracht is one of them
captain pirmin hawker sebastian rode
sebastian young and rossela known
Also quite a few accomplishments so huge
losses for the concord was
I would not see that and
i should be gentleman and gentleman
spicy they will be new again
material look servicing colder me
my players are already there and
Armin veh has said that before
not necessarily set on the youth
You can not always say it now
will not be players because I mean so
These are players because you have to stop them
sometimes I think so too
It's also a bit of his fault
been
So you always have to be the most expensive
you have to get off the player
Convention no gift so I have
as the fullest trust in the group pretty
that just according to newer
Add an order and think that up
every case is good, it is above all things
convinced yes what you bathe in the
finish that is a little bit more
More on youth sets has become
yes, with some games like more newspaper
reading how the topic is so scared off
and that we are more focused on the youth
again means everything cheap
but that's up to you
we must all go upwards
cover areas
It's not just that you say
I always only want to get players
to transfer from a club
but the simplest thing itself
to call one's own youth the know
most of them live here already
maybe grew up here
The canon basically everything they need
they do not settle in large
what we ultimately only mediate
must be then just the level of
Bundesliga football and try that
Of course it is possible to implement now
but not about a quote somewhere
Reach but also the quality
be there that we implement that too
they can become players too
can place on the theme of the season
are the harmony fans relative
modest part of the day with mary
or will say so the places eight to
thirteen could make it so on
Eight or so maybe not more
but what should you expect Geneva
place six to eight with grill meat
probably the first ten I say so
everything what is more you have to go
wait but I think that the
economy went very well